adding documentation on object ACLs (#10695)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/cloud/users/object-access-control-lists.md

---
description: Restrict Block and Deployment access to individual actors within a workspace. 
tags:
    - UI
    - Permissions
    - Access
    - Prefect Cloud
    - enterprise
    - teams
    - workspaces
    - organizations
    - audit logs
    - compliance
search:
  boost: 2
---

# Object Access Control Lists <span class="badge cloud"></span></span> <span class="badge enterprise"></span>

> Prefect Cloud's [Organization and Enterprise plans](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) offer object-level access control lists to restrict access to specific users and service accounts within a workspace. ACLs are supported for blocks and deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefect Cloud's [Enterprise plan](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) offers object-level access control lists to restrict access to specific users and service accounts within a workspace. ACLs are supported for blocks and deployments.
```

> Prefect Cloud's [Organization and Enterprise plans](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) offer object-level access control lists to restrict access to specific users and service accounts within a workspace. ACLs are supported for blocks and deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefect Cloud's [Organization and Enterprise plans](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) offer object-level access control lists (ACLs) to restrict access to specific users and service accounts within a workspace. ACLs are supported for blocks and deployments.
```
